I think Google might have done it the
only reason I hesitate is because I've
had this exact same feeling and said
this same line before about like the
pixel 6 but Google's phones have always
been all about software and we just want
them to get their Hardware over the hump
to have a complete competitive
phone but I I think I think they did it
so Google had their pixel 9 event today
and there's actually a bit more than
just a pixel shown off there's also new
watch and new pixel Buds and I'll get to
those but I just want to focus this
video on the new phones because I've
been waiting for these for a while so
there's several phones there's the pixel
9 pixel 9 Pro then the pixel 9 Pro XL
and then a pixel 9 Pro fold now some
people are saying the names are a bit
confusing honestly it's it's not really
that bad except maybe the fold but the
base phone the pixel 9 is $7.99 and with
that you get the 6.3in screen size and
it has this new design with the flat
matte metal sides and a Polish glass
back in four colors porcelain is white
obsidian is black and then winter green
and pey kind of Cosmo and Wanda Vibes
and then there's the two pro phones so
the pixel 9 pro and pro XL so what's
sick is the 9 Pro it's the exact same
size as the pixel 9 just like what the
iPhone's been doing and the only thing
that's different about the XL is it's
just bigger just a bigger 6.8 in screen
and a bigger battery but yeah the pro
phones start at $9.99 and $10.99 and
with that you'll get an extra third
camera telephoto camera they have more
RAM and they switch to glossy rails with
a soft touch glass back again in four
colors obsidian porcelain Hazel which
looks nice and rose quartz kind of a
more faded pink so I got to handle these
phones for like 2 hours and the entire
time right from the beginning I was like
oh wow yes Okay Google's done it these
phones really feel and look like actual
flagships and it's not just because the
these days is to do flat sides like
obviously I've talked about how I like
that but that's not the only thing they
feel a little bit heavier in the hand
now which gives them a more solid feel
the screens are all much brighter so the
pixel 99's actua display is 35% brighter
than the pixel 8 and there's thinner
bezels all the way around and yes
finally it's an ultrasonic fingerprint
reader under the display not Optical and
the camera visor around the back uh this
is polarizing but the huge lens opening
I think it just looks promising now of
course course I'm going to have to test
all these things for the full review and
really see what they're made of so get
subscribed to see that but my first
impression at least is that you know
these photos are going to end up very
pixel-like very Punchy and contrasty and
they're just bigger sensors than before
so potentially more shallow depth of
field but I guess aesthetically the
camera bump even though I like the older
ones better I still kind of don't mind
these new ones I know it's not the full
visor all the way around like before and
I missed that but it's now this like
perfectly flat Island and that is still
distinctive it's it's pretty unique as
like a pixel thing so now specs let's
just get them all in one place there
that's all the specs that I've been able
to confirm uh you'll notice all these
phones across the board all the new
pixels have the same tensor G4 chip so
that's the new chip is more powerful
they're saying and more efficient and
should have dramatically better AI
capabilities obviously it's a pixel but
we'll get there but also notice it's the
exact same primary camera and ultrawide
Camera between the base phone and the
pro phone so again I've talked about
this with pixel before and it's you know
it makes the lowest price one look like
a great deal but there's not a lot of
Hardware difference between the base
phone and the pro phone and it's a $200
difference this year but for that in the
Pro phone what do you get maybe a
slightly better screen a telephoto
camera more
RAM and a better selfie camera that's
kind of it now again I don't want to
make the mistake of judging it too soon
because I haven't benchmarked it and I
don't know what long-term performance is
like but but when Google says tensor 20%
faster with web browsing and 177% faster
with app launching I believe them I mean
these phones are really quick and snappy
at least for my impression and I just
want to say again that I'm really glad
they made the smaller phone with all the
benefits of the pro because there are a
lot of people who want a better phone
but not a gigantic phone so having a pro
that's not a pro Max is sick but of
course these would not be pixel phones
without a boatload of AI and so there
are definitely some new AI features
coming along with these pixel 99's the
big ones are the new weather app the new
screenshots app and pixel studio so the
Google Weather app has been redesigned
for the pixel 99's as you can see which
is a bunch of tiles now and this very
you know modern looking version of the
weather and right at the top is an AI
generated comment about the weather
maybe sometimes telling you what to wear
or something cool I guess I almost never
use the stock weather app on any phone
and that probably won't change here but
for those who do all right fine that's a
good Improvement the new screenshots app
is interesting again I don't think many
people are going to use this but if you
do it's basically a new app that gathers
all of your screenshots specifically in
one place and then it scans each one of
them for any information in them to be
able to remind you later or help you
search through later but then there's
the pixel studio app which I guess
that's the hot new thing in devices with
AI is to have an app called Studio that
just lets you create AI generated art on
device with a simple text prompt Apple's
just announced that in iOS 18 but
they're not shipping that yet but the
one thing I was impressed with playing
with this one is it's really quick like
maybe 3 seconds or so to generate a new
image and it's completely on device so
it'll still be this fast when your
internet connection sucks or offline or
something like that so yeah I don't know
maybe you're generated pictures or memes
for text conversations or for Twitter or
something like that but yeah it's
another AI app on the phone also mag
magic editor in photos has this new
reimagine feature where you can not only
erase things or reframe things in your
pictures but you can now highlight a
section and reimagine it as something
and it can be whatever you type just
something completely different so I
guess you can straight up make up new
scenes and pictures now that totally
didn't happen kind of like Samsung's
sketch to image what is going on what is
a picture maybe the best what is a photo
feature is this new one in the camera
again built right in called add
me and it's actually I think pretty
impressive I played I got to use it once
and you're about to see exactly me using
it once but basically if you ever have a
group of people and you want to take a
group shot but you don't have anyone
else who could take the group shot for
you okay no problem the add me feature
walks you through this so okay first you
open the camera mode and it tells you to
kind of Wiggle the camera around a
little bit so it can get a better sense
of 3D space in the environment then the
photograph number one takes a picture of
everyone except for them and leaves a
little room for themselves then once
they take that they can have everybody
peace out and then one of those other
people becomes the new photographer and
tells the first person where to pose so
that they can sort of be next to
everyone else it overlays where the
people were and a nice white box over
the scene to help keep the framing the
same once the second person poses they
snap the picture and Google straight up
merges the pictures together into a
group for photo with everyone another
moment that totally never happened plus
it keeps the originals too very 2024
what is a photo there's some other
things like uh better clear calling uh
call notes which can summarize phone
calls that you're on for you uh Gemini
live which is like having literal
conversations with the assistant called
Gemini it's still confusing um but
generally I was most excited about the
hardware of these phones and then
there's the folding phone so this is the
pixel 9 Pro fold I don't know why it's
called that I don't know why it's not
just called the pixel fold 2 maybe it's
easier to remember cuz now they're all
nines but whatever they added Pro to the
name for some reason but it's a fold and
the point is it's dramatically improved
from the pixel fold that came last year
and it's the same price $17.99 so look
Google cooked with this thing I think
the last fold I was constantly calling
the best foldable to use closed which is
kind of a half compliment but it's true
this new one has an even bigger screen
it's 6.3 in so right now it's about the
size of the other base pixel 9 and it's
still reachable because the bezels are
all pretty thin the whole phone is thin
all the way around and it's also much
brighter it's 80% brighter than the last
fold and then on the inside it's also a
larger 8in display that like I said it
mirrors the home screen layout of the
cover display and the whole phone with
the metal rails now and the soft touch
matte glass it just all feels even more
premium like of a flagship than ever
before and look at how thin this thing
is this has got to be I mean it's
definitely one of the thinnest foldables
out now maybe not the thinnest but each
side is barely thicker than a USBC port
and so combined with the flat sides it's
barely thicker than a normal phone now
of course it still has this camera bump
on the back which is okay this one's
worse I I don't see a lot of thoughtful
design in this camera Island but I feel
like I can accept it with the rest of
this phone's design being so impressive
it's just so good it feels great to use
open it's awesome closed I feel like
this is just a better version of the
previous best foldable the OnePlus open
of course still TBD on battery life and
camera quality with these new cameras
that are different from the main pixel
99's but you know my general first
impression is clearly pretty positive it
also of course has the tensor G4 16 gigs
of RAM and all the AI benefits that come
from these pixels pixel Studio
screenshot app weather app all that
other pixel stuff it is also ipx8 rated
so it can probably take a splash um and
Google also mentioned that they're
partnering with some number of
developers to optimize some games for
the interior screen so looking forward
to see what those end up being and it
also comes in two colors porcelain white
and obsidian black so I think consider
me highly interested I've you know I've
kind of been off the foldables train for
my own daily driver for a while I've
gone back to dailying slab phones but I
think this pixel 9 Pro fold has a chance
uh to get me back to being a foldable
user if that outer screen remains just
as usable as any other phone and the
bonus is a gigantic 8 in screen whenever
I want it it's one of the biggest
displays literally ever in a phone so
these phones feel for now like they've
actually achieved the modernized glow up
that we've been hoping for from Google's
flagship phone maybe ch2 is the only
thing missing that I'm actually bummed
about that I can see on the spec sheet
but of course as promised it's not just
the phones there's also a couple other
gadgets so the new pixel watch 3 has
basically the same design but now comes
in two sizes there's a new larger 45 mm
size that gets you like 40% more screen
and the bezel is also a little bit
smaller so these screens are also a lot
brighter 2,000 nits and there's a new
body score feature which it seems like
everyone suddenly decided to copy from
Garmin this year but that will sort of
summarize all of your metrics into one
score at the top and there's also some
new running features as well potentially
the biggest change is the new dual chip
architecture to give you even longer
battery life they're saying up to 36
hours in battery saver which isn't
exactly pushing the industry limit but
it should be better than last year and
same price $3.49 for the small one $3.99
for the big one and then there's the new
pixel buds so the pixel buds Pro 2 which
at this point are kind of like Gemini
buds so they updated the design to be a
bit smaller as you can see just these
little bud things with no stocks there's
a little tiny stabilizer fin to keep it
in your ear hopefully sometimes it
doesn't work with my ears but I'll try
and then there's a new custom designed
A1 chip based on tensor that improves
active noise cancellation improves
overall sound quality and also let's you
have a back and forth conversation with
Gemini live just a straight up out loud
back and forth convo with an assistant I
will definitely be getting my hands on
these to test but definitely let me know
what you're most interested in for the
full reviews of these things I'm
planning on getting my hands on as many
as possible get subscribed to see this
stuff but is it the AI features or is it
the new camera stuff is it the new
hardware which I think looks pretty sick
let me know in the comments section
below now a few years back I put up a
poll on Twitter asking how many of you
use a case on your phone and like 34 of
you guys said you
do and I guess that actually makes a lot
of sense and phones have gotten more
expensive since then so I can't blame
you so if you're thinking of picking one
up I definitely recommend checking now
the grip case from Channel sponsor
dbrand it's kind of the whole package it
comes in matte black it's super grippy
it has clicky buttons and it adds those
nice strong magnets and yes obviously
also super protective so I'll leave a
link down below if you want to check it
out either way that's been it thanks for
watching catch you guys in the next one
peace
[Music]